docs: update troubleshoot_general_tips.rst (#1194)
openedx/devstack: docs/troubleshoot_general_tips.rst

4. Log in
5. Navigate back to the MFE

Blank login/signup screens
--------------------------

> After starting LMS/CMS (and compiling static assets for both), it's possible you run into a blank page when trying to sign in via http://localhost:18000/login. 

Reviewer: [question] Does this mean this is for the legacy login experience, and **not** using an MFE? Would it help to be explicit, or is the port good enough? I'm not sure if the MFE has a different port?

> This is most likely a cache issue and can be easily fixed in 2 different ways:

Reviewer: Feel free to choose your own language, but what do you think of the sentiments I am trying to add here?
```suggestion
If you think that everything is up-to-date, this is most likely a cache issue and might be easily fixed in 2 different ways:
```

Author: that is some great wording, thanks!

1. Hard reloading the page, or

> 2. Rebuilding the frontend and giving it another try

Reviewer: Can you clarify what "rebuilding the frontend" means?

Author: After discussing this with Marcos (who pointed me to the fix), looks like this is not relevant to this use case. It was intended to say something along the lines of "try recompiling your assets", but it doesn't have anything to do with the actual fix. Will update
